Enable `doctest-in-workspace` by default (#12221)
rust-lang/cargo: src/doc/src/reference/unstable.md

The [`cargo logout`] command has been stabilized in the 1.70 release.

[target triple]: ../appendix/glossary.md#target '"target" (glossary)'

### `doctest-in-workspace`

> The `-Z doctest-in-workspace` option for `cargo test` has been stabilized and
> enabled by default in the 1.72 release.
> 
> This changes the behavior of the current working
> directory used when running doctests. Historically, Cargo has run `rustdoc
> --test` relative to the root of the package, with paths relative from that
> root. However, this is inconsistent with how `rustc` and `rustdoc` are
> normally run in a workspace, where they are run relative to the workspace
> root. This inconsistency causes problems in various ways, such as when passing
> RUSTDOCFLAGS with relative paths, or dealing with diagnostic output.
> 
> Cargo is now running `rustdoc`
> from the root of the workspace. It also passes the `--test-run-directory` to
> `rustdoc` so that when *running* the tests, they are run from the root of the
> package. This preserves backwards compatibility and is consistent with how
> normal unittests are run.

Reviewer: I just looked into how other stabilizations documenting themselves. How about putting less words here and linking to `cargo test` doc?

```suggestion
The `-Z doctest-in-workspace` option for `cargo test` has been stabilized and
enabled by default in the 1.72 release.. See the
[`cargo test` documentation](../commands/cargo-test.md#working-directory-of-tests)
for more information about the working directory for compiling and running tests.
```
